```forth
CREATE NUMBER PAD

: TOGGLE
    @ OVER = IF
        0 ELSE 1 THEN
    SWAP !
;

: DISPLAY
    0 DO
        I 9 < IF
            KEY I OVER C!
        THEN
    LOOP
    CR
;

NUMBER PAD 100 ALLOCATE
NUMBER PAD -1 [1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0] FILL
NUMBER PAD TOGGLE

: NUMBER PAD SWITCH
    BEGIN
        NUMBER PAD DISPLAY
        100 0 DO
            I NUMBER PAD + KEY
            NUMBER PAD I TOGGLE
            NUMBER PAD DISPLAY
        LOOP
    AGAIN
;

NUMBER PAD SWITCH
```

This code creates a simple number pad that allows the user to toggle between two states (e.g., on and off) for each digit. The code uses a FORTH array called `NUMBER PAD` to store the state of each digit. The `TOGGLE` word is used to toggle the state of a digit, and the `DISPLAY` word is used to display the current state of all the digits. The `NUMBER PAD SWITCH` word is used to run the number pad in a loop, allowing the user to toggle the state of each digit until they press a key other than a digit.

Here is a breakdown of the code:

* The `CREATE NUMBER PAD` line creates a FORTH array called `NUMBER PAD`.
* The `NUMBER PAD 100 ALLOCATE` line allocates 100 bytes of memory for the `NUMBER PAD` array.
* The `NUMBER PAD -1 [1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0] FILL` line fills the `NUMBER PAD` array with the values 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 0.
* The `NUMBER PAD TOGGLE` line defines the `TOGGLE` word, which toggles the state of a digit in the `NUMBER PAD` array.
* The `DISPLAY` line defines the `DISPLAY` word, which displays the current state of all the digits in the `NUMBER PAD` array.
* The `NUMBER PAD SWITCH` line defines the `NUMBER PAD SWITCH` word, which runs the number pad in a loop, allowing the user to toggle the state of each digit until they press a key other than a digit.

To use the number pad, simply type `NUMBER PAD SWITCH` at the FORTH prompt. The number pad will be displayed, and you can use the keys 1 through 0 to toggle the state of each digit. The current state of all the digits will be displayed after each keypress. To exit the number pad, simply press a key other than a digit.