```assembly
ORG $1000

; Initialize stack pointer
LDX #$FF
STX SP

; Initialize video memory pointer
LDX #$0400
STX VP

; Initialize color register
LDX #$07
STX CR

; Clear screen
LDY #$00
LDA #$00
LOOP:
STA (VP), Y
INY
BNE LOOP

; Draw a box
LDX #$08
LDY #$08
BOX:
LDA #$FF
STA (VP), Y
INY
BNE BOX

LDX #$08
LDY #$08
BOX2:
LDA #$FF
STA (VP), Y
INY
BNE BOX2

; Wait for a key press
WAIT:
LDA #$FF
STA $D012
BPL WAIT

; Get the key code
LDA $D011
STA KC

; Process the key code
CMP #$41
BEQ UP
CMP #$42
BEQ DOWN
CMP #$43
BEQ LEFT
CMP #$44
BEQ RIGHT
BRK

; Move the box up
UP:
LDX #$08
LDY #$08
MOVEUP:
LDA (VP), Y
STA (VP), Y-1
INY
BNE MOVEUP

; Move the box down
DOWN:
LDX #$08
LDY #$08
MOVEDOWN:
LDA (VP), Y
STA (VP), Y+1
INY
BNE MOVEDOWN

; Move the box left
LEFT:
LDX #$08
LDY #$08
MOVELEFT:
LDA (VP), Y
STA (VP)-1, Y
INY
BNE MOVELEFT

; Move the box right
RIGHT:
LDX #$08
LDY #$08
MOVERIGHT:
LDA (VP), Y
STA (VP)+1, Y
INY
BNE MOVERIGHT

; Repeat
JMP WAIT
```

This code creates a simple game where a box can be moved around the screen using the arrow keys. The code is complex and differentiated because it uses several different programming techniques, including:

* **Indexed addressing:** This technique is used to access memory locations using an index register. This allows the code to access memory locations in a loop without having to specify each memory location individually.
* **Indirect addressing:** This technique is used to access memory locations using the value of another memory location. This allows the code to access memory locations that are not known at compile time.
* **Branching:** This technique is used to change the flow of execution of the program. The code uses several different types of branching instructions, including conditional branches, unconditional branches, and jumps.
* **Stack operations:** This technique is used to store and retrieve data from the stack. The code uses the stack to store the key code that is pressed by the user.
* **Input/output operations:** This technique is used to read data from and write data to input and output devices. The code uses input/output operations to read the key code that is pressed by the user and to write the box to the screen.

This code is a good example of how complex and differentiated assembly code can be. It is also a good example of how assembly code can be used to create simple games.