```haskell
import Data.List (sortBy, groupBy, maximumBy)
import Data.Map (Map, fromList, lookup, insert)
import Data.Maybe (fromMaybe, isNothing)
import Control.Monad (guard, join, forM, liftM)

-- A type alias for a map from strings to integers.
type WordMap = Map String Int

-- A function to count the occurrences of each word in a list of strings.
wordCount :: [String] -> WordMap
wordCount = fromList . map (\s -> (s, length s)) . groupBy (==) . sortBy compare

-- A function to find the most frequently occurring word in a list of strings.
mostFrequentWord :: [String] -> String
mostFrequentWord = maximumBy (\(w1, c1) (w2, c2) -> compare c1 c2) . wordCount

-- A function to find the longest word in a list of strings.
longestWord :: [String] -> String
longestWord = maximumBy (\w1 w2 -> compare (length w1) (length w2))

-- A function to find the shortest word in a list of strings.
shortestWord :: [String] -> String
shortestWord = minimumBy (\w1 w2 -> compare (length w1) (length w2))

-- A function to find the average length of the words in a list of strings.
averageWordLength :: [String] -> Double
averageWordLength xs = sum (map length xs) / fromIntegral (length xs)

-- A function to find the median length of the words in a list of strings.
medianWordLength :: [String] -> Double
medianWordLength xs =
  let sortedLengths = sort $ map length xs
      n = length sortedLengths
  in fromIntegral (sortedLengths !! (n `div` 2))

-- A function to find the mode length of the words in a list of strings.
modeWordLength :: [String] -> Maybe Int
modeWordLength xs =
  let wordLengths = map length xs
      groupedLengths = groupBy (==) wordLengths
      maxGroupLength = maximumBy (\(_, g1) (_, g2) -> compare (length g1) (length g2)) groupedLengths
  in fromMaybe Nothing (head $ snd maxGroupLength)

-- A function to find the most frequent word length in a list of strings.
mostFrequentWordLength :: [String] -> Maybe Int
mostFrequentWordLength xs =
  let wordLengths = map length xs
      wordLengthMap = fromList $ map (\l -> (l, length (filter (== l) wordLengths))) wordLengths
      maxWordLengthCount = maximumBy (\(_, c1) (_, c2) -> compare c1 c2) wordLengthMap
  in fromMaybe Nothing (fst maxWordLengthCount)

-- A function to find the longest word of a given length in a list of strings.
longestWordOfLength :: Int -> [String] -> Maybe String
longestWordOfLength n xs =
  let wordsOfLengthN = filter (\w -> length w == n) xs
  in fromMaybe Nothing (maximumBy (\w1 w2 -> compare (length w1) (length w2)) wordsOfLengthN)

-- A function to find the shortest word of a given length in a list of strings.
shortestWordOfLength :: Int -> [String] -> Maybe String
shortestWordOfLength n xs =
  let wordsOfLengthN = filter (\w -> length w == n) xs
  in fromMaybe Nothing (minimumBy (\w1 w2 -> compare (length w1) (length w2)) wordsOfLengthN)

-- A function to find the average word length of words of a given length in a list of strings.
averageWordLengthOfLength :: Int -> [String] -> Double
averageWordLengthOfLength n xs =
  let wordsOfLengthN = filter (\w -> length w == n) xs
  in sum (map length wordsOfLengthN) / fromIntegral (length wordsOfLengthN)

-- A function to find the median word length of words of a given length in a list of strings.
medianWordLengthOfLength :: Int -> [String] -> Double
medianWordLengthOfLength n xs =
  let wordsOfLengthN = filter (\w -> length w == n) xs
      sortedLengths = sort $ map length wordsOfLengthN
      m = length sortedLengths
  in fromIntegral (sortedLengths !! (m `div` 2))

-- A function to find the mode word length of words of a given length in a list of strings.
modeWordLengthOfLength :: Int -> [String] -> Maybe Int
modeWordLengthOfLength n xs =
  let wordsOfLengthN = filter (\w -> length w == n) xs
      wordLengths = map length wordsOfLengthN
      groupedLengths = groupBy (==) wordLengths
      maxGroupLength = maximumBy (\(_, g1) (_, g2) -> compare (length g1) (length g2)) groupedLengths
  in fromMaybe Nothing (head $ snd maxGroupLength)

-- A function to find the most frequent word length of words of a given length in a list of strings.
mostFrequentWordLengthOfLength :: Int -> [String] -> Maybe Int
mostFrequentWordLengthOfLength n xs =
  let wordsOfLengthN = filter (\w -> length w == n) xs
      wordLengths = map length wordsOfLengthN
      wordLengthMap = fromList $ map (\l -> (l, length (filter (== l) wordLengths))) wordLengths
      maxWordLengthCount = maximumBy (\(_, c1) (_, c2) -> compare c1 c2) wordLengthMap
  in fromMaybe Nothing (fst maxWordLengthCount)

-- A function to find all the words of a given length in a list of strings.
wordsOfLength :: Int -> [String] -> [String]
wordsOfLength n xs = filter (\w -> length w == n) xs

-- A function to find all the words that start with a given letter in a list of strings.
wordsStartingWith :: Char -> [String] -> [String]
wordsStartingWith c xs = filter (\w -> head w == c) xs

-- A function to find all the words that end with a given letter in a list of strings.
wordsEndingWith :: Char -> [String] -> [String]
wordsEndingWith c xs = filter (\w -> last w == c) xs

-- A function to find all the words that contain a given letter in a list of strings.
wordsContaining :: Char -> [String] -> [String]
wordsContaining c xs = filter (\w -> any (== c) w) xs

-- A function to find all the words that contain a given substring in a list of strings.
wordsContainingSubstring :: String -> [String] -> [String]
wordsContainingSubstring s xs = filter (\w -> s `isInfixOf` w) xs

-- A function to find all the words that are palindromes in a list of strings.
palindromeWords :: [String] -> [String]
palindromeWords = filter (\w -> w == reverse w)

-- A function to find all the words that are anagrams of a given word in a list of strings.
anagramWords :: String -> [String] -> [String]
anagramWords w xs = filter (\x -> sort w == sort x) xs

-- A function to find all the words that are pangrams in a list of strings.
pangramWords :: [String] -> [String]
pangramWords = filter (\w -> all (`elem` w) "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz")

-- A function to find all the words that are heterograms in a list of strings.
heterogramWords :: [String] -> [String]
heterogramWords = filter (\w -> length w == length (nub w))

-- A function to find all the words that are lipograms in a list of strings.
lipogramWords :: Char -> [String] -> [String]
lipogramWords c = filter (\w -> not (c `elem` w))

-- A function to find all the words that are doublets in a list of strings.
doubletWords :: [String] -> [String]
doubletWords = filter (\w -> length w == 2)

-- A function to find all the words that are triplets in a list of strings.
tripletWords :: [String] -> [String]
tripletWords = filter (\w -> length w == 3)

-- A function to find all the words that are quadruplets in a list of strings.
quadrupletWords :: [String] -> [String]
quadrupletWords = filter (\w -> length w == 4)

-- A function to find all the words that are quintuplets in a list of strings.
quintupletWords :: [String] -> [String]
quintupletWords = filter (\w -> length w == 5)

-- A function to find all the words that are sextuplets in a list of strings.
sextupletWords :: [String] -> [String]
sextupletWords = filter (\w -> length w == 6)

-- A function to find all the words that are septuplets in a list of strings.
septupletWords :: [String] -> [String]
septupletWords = filter (\